From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announced
some show number four Oh
four recorded live Thursday, December 26th, 2013.
This episode of Hansel minutes
is brought to you by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklin.net
makers of gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers details at gesture,
pak.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with iOS developer and
professional model Lindsey Scott. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. And right now I
am talking with Lindsey Scott
iOS developer, who happens to
maybe on the side work
as a model full time.
Hi, how are you? I'm
great. How are you? I'm
a fabulous, thanks for chatting
with me today. So you
kind of showed up on
the internet a couple of
days ago with a Quora
question. They basically, someone asked,
what does it feel like
to go from physically unattractive
to physically attractive? Can you
describe what happened? What were
you doing when you saw
this question and what caused
you to answer it? It
must've been 3:00 AM in the
morning. I saw this question
come up in my inbox.
And for some reason in
between programming code, I decided
this would be a great
idea to answer this question.
And it's been an experience
because it's something that was
very personal to me, a
very personal experience growing up
and, you know, I'm being
bullied a bit and now
being a successful model, it
it's kind of after the
fact after posting it and
after seeing this incredible response
I've gotten, which I wasn't
expecting at all, it's been
strange, revealing so much about
myself to so many people,
but I think some good
things have come from it.
Did you just, was this
one of those stream of
consciousness? Did you just kind
of flow out from you?
You threw some pictures and
posted it and forgot about
it? Yes. I didn't forget
about it for long though.
I woke up and all
of a sudden I had
so many views and comments
and messages related to the
article. So I didn't forget
about it at all. And
then this is actually starting
to make kind of regular
news. This is showing up,
like it's starting to show
up in regular news, like
San Francisco gate and different
news articles. That's good. This
is like, this is legit.
Does it feel a little
bit, it's a little bit
vulnerable, isn't it? When you
put yourself out in the
area? Oh, definitely. Definitely. And
it's hard to describe exactly
what I was going through
during that time. And it's
something I don't think about
as regularly as I used
to, you know, the, those
experiences during that time. So
it's weird to open up
that part of my life
again and in such a
public way. Does it feel
though sometimes that like, do
you feel like two different
people or when, when, when,
when you're in a stranger
on the internet, in this
instance, I'm a stranger on
the internet, right? You're, you're
a, a very pleasant and
articulate young woman and you
don't, I can see that
that's you at age 11,
but it seems like a
different person. Do you feel
like a different person or
do you feel like this
is an evolution? I, I,
I feel like the same
person on the inside, but
it's also strange because the
same people that I went
to middle school and then
high school with it was
a seven year school. So
based on me grow from
middle school to high school
and seeing them after the
fact years later and having
them automatically look at me
and decide that I'm a
completely different person. It's, it's
off putting it's it's, it's
weird. And it's uncomfortable when
also I didn't really know
why back then they viewed
me in, in such disregard
it's such distress. So it
actually was disregard. You felt
that you felt disrespected? Yeah.
I w I wasn't treated
very well. I was, I
was You're you're actually pulling,
I'm sorry. Yeah, I I'm,
I've moved on past it,
so, yeah, it's weird talking
about it now because I
really have moved on, but
I was bullied. Yeah, it
is. I went to my,
my 20 year high school
reunion and to be honest,
had forgotten how much I
was bullied and they, they
I'm, I'm not one to
think about things in terms
of like revenge or anything
like that, but there's, there's
that old, you know, saying
that the best revenge is
living well. Yeah. And I
ended up bumping into someone
at the end of the
night at the high school
reunion who was really intoxicated
and just, it was clear
that their life was not
going well. And this was
the person that used to
beat me, mercilessly, you know
what I mean? Like shoved
into a locker type person.
And there, I mean, that
doesn't really matter what they're
doing now, but let's just
say that they're not doing
anything amazing or awesome. And
I thought having, just giving
it the slightest bit of
thought before I went to
the event that, Oh, man,
wouldn't it be awesome to
see those, you know, those
people and those bees and
those a-holes and, you know,
see that their lives suck.
But when you're faced with
that, it was just really
sad. It was like, I
would not have wished this
level of pain and lack
of success, basically, an individual
who peaked at 20, at
17. Well, I feel like
I haven't peaked at all.
You know what I mean?
I wonder, do you don't
know? Do you hold a
negativity towards those? No, I
think over time, I've also
realized that the people who,
you know, might've pushed me
or thrown my books down
or whatever they did, that
they clearly had their own
insecurities. So I, I I'm
over it. I understand that
we all had our issues
back then. Yeah. When, when
you're, when you're growing up
and you're thinking about software,
is it, is it something
where you were, you had
a mindset towards computers or
did you discover like in
high school, working on a
calculator somehow that you were
a programmer, you didn't even
realize it. Yeah. I started
doing games on my TA
ti 89, and I'd read
through the documentation and find
out all about the different
capabilities, but I didn't at
all equate that to computer
science until college. When I
took a computer science course
and realized, wait a second,
this is very familiar. I've
done this before. And did
you have computers in your
life? Yeah, there were computers.
They were much slower back
then. Was there a moment
you can say, like, was
it the, was it the
TA 89? For me? It
was the Commodore 64. Like
when my dad, one day
I came home, the van
was gone and there was
a Commodore 64. And I
found out that my dad
had sold the van because
the teachers had said, you
need to get this kid
a computer to keep him
out of trouble. So he
just did whatever he could
do. He, so he sells
the van and this calendar,
it shows up and I
didn't know anything about it.
And that was the moment.
And if that van hadn't
been sold, I never, would've
seen a computer. Like in
my neighborhood didn't have computers.
It was the only one
within blocks. Yeah, for me,
it was the 89. I
wish I hadn't similarly. Cool
story. It, it was interesting
though. After once I've gotten
older, I've realized my own
father has experience in computer
science. He worked for the
NSA programming for them. Yeah.
And I, I didn't know
that at all, until after
my computer science, after I,
I got my computer science
to be that, wait a
second, we have this thing
in common. And I, I
didn't even realize, Do you
talk tech with him now?
Is that, is that something
you bond with When he
works there? It was mostly
zeros and ones. So he,
he, he likes to brag
that he's the best program
rat there, but I don't
think he's done any of
it in many, many years.
Punch card days. Yeah. Yeah.
That's scary though. As soon
as you said NSA, I
mean, I don't know if
you watch scandal or not,
but I was just like,
wow, that's your dad. Hopefully
he did. He didn't kill
anyone during his time at
the NSA just program. I'm
sure he didn't. Now I
noticed that you are, you
have a burgeoning career on
stack overflow as well. Yeah.
Over the past couple weeks,
I've gotten really involved with
it. I've been building up
my reputation. Is that related
to the core post? Like,
did the core postmark a
point where you decided it's
time for you to become
a social programmer or is
this a coincidence? It's a
coincidence completely. I started it,
maybe the fact that I
started becoming more social online,
having a new Twitter page,
a new Instagram, adding my
answers to stack overflow. Maybe
that made posting my answer
on Quora a little easier.
Maybe that was a more
natural progression because of that.
But no way I started
answering the questions on stack
overflow a few weeks before
my core posts. Do you
think this is the beginning
of a new and a
new era that involves social
programming and you know what
I mean by that? Like,
do you want to solitary
developers seems like for a
number of years, haven't you?
Yes. In college, I did
programming, for example, we had
one class with just three
students in it where we
just spent the entire semester
building a compiler. And so
I I've had those experiences
programming in groups, but yeah,
over the past few years,
I've definitely been very much
a solitary program. And you
went to Amherst in Massachusetts?
Yes. And you, you did
graduate with a, an undergrad
in computer science. Yes. Computer
science and theater. That is
actually deeply awesome. Is that
a double major or was
one of the, I majored
yet separately. Separately. Yeah. Double
major. That's awesome. That's funny.
My background is in theater
as well. I did theater
and music and I did
musical theater. So, you know,
what's funny is that, that
set me up for a
career kind of as a
programmer slash presenter and teacher.
So it's interesting. Have you
thought about user groups and
presenting, so like you should
do that. I mean, that's,
that's the closest thing programmers
have to theater. Yeah. I
spoke to Hottie that the
head of covid.org yesterday, and
I would definitely love to
get involved with an organization
like that and give lectures
and speeches and try to
encourage young kids, especially women
and minorities to program, to
learn more about technology. Now
covid.org for people who may
not be familiar as a
nonprofit. And they have a
sister organization called commuting and
the computing in the core,
and it's a public nonprofits.
It's a five Oh one
C3. And they're focused on
STEM with a focus on
code. And you may have
heard this idea of an
hour or teach an hour
of code that anyone can
learn. Yes. They also have
hour of code. They just
released two weeks ago. And
I was astonished 15 million students,
I think within the first
week we're on the website
creating their own code, getting
their own programs. Yeah. 170
countries, everyone learned is starting
to learn to code. And
that's, he told me that's
more than signed up to
Instagram, for example, and Facebook
and all of this within
several years. So in one
week more students are involved
or are interested, are doing
programming, then you know, all
these other social media websites.
I think that, that the
thing that I like most
about code and why I
think things like code.org and
organizations like them are so
interesting is I think that
they teach people to be
creators as well as consumers.
I think that we have
a lot of people that
are just spent spending their
time consuming. Yeah. Do you,
you said that as we
talked a little bit before
we started recording that you
wanted to find different ways
to express yourself creatively. So
your job like your, your,
your work and what pays
the rent today is modeling.
And, but that is a,
that is a sense of
expression of theater of, of,
Yeah, definitely. I think I
got involved with it because
of my interest in acting
after college, I started doing
acting. I thought I would,
I would do that. And
somehow I ended up getting
a contract with Calvin Klein
and that really set off
my career with modeling during
that year, I worked for,
you know, Prada, Gucci, all
of a sudden these jobs
were coming in and a
Victoria secret. I also did
Victoria's secret show that year.
And just the, the fact
that I'm able to put
on all these outfits and
makeup and have my hair
done and become these different
characters. It's exciting. That's my
favorite part. Definitely about the
job. And do you, when
you're traveling around, I assume
you're spending months in different
cities and you know, it's
like a contract job. You,
you go somewhere and you
work for an organization for
some number of months, or
how does that work? No,
I travel a lot, but
it's, each job is in
most jobs. Don't come with
a contract. So one job
here and then I go
to a bunch of castings
and maybe through those meetings,
through those auditions with people
I find out I get
another job. And so it's,
it's all very last minute.
Nothing's guaranteed when I go
traveling, but luckily it's, it's
worked out. Okay. So does
that mean that you you'll
say I'm going to go
to London for this job
and then I'll stick around
for a few months and
hope other jobs are found?
Yes. And do you write
your code when you're kind
of just hanging out in
the hotel? Or how does
that explain to me how
you balance? What is effectively
a fulltime, albeit a piece
together job with your writing
apps and putting apps in
the store? Sure. I, I,
when I start coding, I
have trouble stopping for the
most part, but I'll, I'll
maybe I'll start before casting
go to meet with clients
and then come back and
pick up where I left
off. And the same for
jobs. I'll start coding in
the morning. Do my job
come home, probably stay up
way, way, way too late
and do the same thing
the next day. Sometimes I,
I bring my computer science
issues into work. I was
sure where I'm on the
phone with Apple during my
hair and makeup. Seriously. Have
you ever heard that that
is really important. Have you
been in the chair getting
your hair and makeup done
with the laptop in your
lap and you're writing code
It's happened before? I'm not
proud of that moment. I
have to say that I
am proud of that moment
and I was not anywhere
near that moment. That was
awesome. I'll try not to
do that so often, but
there was just an issue
with the Apple server and
I needed to push an
update. I'm just saying though,
that, like the thing that
I find so interesting about
it is that my initial
reaction, when I heard about
this and what you were
doing was that these, these
are two incompatible things. But
now as we talk, the
more and more I hear
about it, this is all
just a form of creation
and expression. And they are
very competitive. True. That's true.
And with my last app
that I released, it was
specifically for models and artists.
I, I made this portfolio
app as a model. We
carry around our books with
our pictures in them and
they're heavy and the books
fall apart and the pages
get dirty. And sometimes you
forget to have your comp
card and back, which is
like a business card for
models. So I created, created
an app called I port
it's available on the Apple
app store for iPads. And
so it's, it's something that's
out there and it's something
that models are using. So
it's nice to create a
product one that's useful through
yourself. And then also useful
for the people in the
industry that you surround yourselves,
yourself with myself with. So
it looks like your app
is just been updated just
a couple of weeks ago.
It looks like you put
out version 1.5. Yeah. That's
great. And this does someone
take this app and, and
like, Oh, I'm modeling. Let
me pull up my iPad
and I'll show you my
Yes. Oh, I mean, I
carry my portfolio out of
it. Okay. So now she's
on Skype here. So she's
pulling out her portfolio. This
is awesome. So can you
then share it with someone
that could I could, I
let's say you meet someone
on a train and this
is a, a scout you
can share your, As long
as you have internet access,
if you have three G
network or wifi, then yes,
you can enter their email
address and I'll send it
right to them and they
can even open it up
in the app. So if
they have the app on
their device, or if they
download the app for free
on the Apple app store,
then they can view your
portfolio in its original format
with the custom table background,
the custom book, color, the
custom logo and everything that
you've designed for yourself, You
get all the assets. It
seems like it's a very
polished app. You've got textures
and backgrounds and all sorts
of stuff. Did you find
a texture pack or how
did you find Like stock
images? And, and I added
them to fit the portfolio
books and well, most of
the books are various colors.
So I created a lot
of those graphics too. That's
cool. And is that something
that you find yourself always
selling that in the sense
of like, you see like
a model or a friend
with an iPad, you're like,
Hey, did you know that
you can run your portfolio
Sometimes, but rarely for the
most part, they see me
with the app and like,
wait, Oh, that looks cool.
Where did you get that
from? So I tell them
then, But that's one of
the unifying traits of nerds
though. The idea that, that
there's a problem and I
have the power to build
something to fix it. Well,
that's definitely the thing that
I love about programming. So
maybe I, I I've always
felt that that as a
builder, like a programmer as
a builder and how can
you, how can you not
see it? See a problem
of some kind and not
want to write something or
make something, or create something
that is utilitarian, some utility,
like you, you clearly saw
a problem and you want
to solve this problem. And
I think that I call
that one of the unifying
traits of, of nerds. And
I've decided to own that
word, you know, like that
they can't hurt me with
the word anymore. Yeah. They
can't push you into the
lockers with the word anymore.
D did you ever, did
you think about yourself as
a nerd? Does that word
have meaning to you? No.
I, I didn't really think
of myself as a nerd
growing up. It's just everyone
else called me, her growing
up. But now that I'm
older and I'm wiser. Yeah.
It doesn't hurt me so
much anymore either. Yeah. There's
definitely been, I think, a
move as the internet, like
as someone who was on
the internet before the internet
was cool. And I don't
know about you, but I
mean, I was on, you
know, well, and all this
kind of like, you know,
I was online before people
were online and that it's
almost like, like, like when
you have a band that
no one's ever heard of,
but you've heard of, and
then everyone gets on that
band and you're like, Oh,
you know, but I knew
about them before. I feel
like that about the internet.
Like everyone's talking about how
exciting social media is, but
I was on CompuServe man.
And we were social before
social, you know, and now
people are taking the word
and they're, they're, they're modifying
it. Like there's, I don't
know if you've heard the
term blurred, blurred black nerd.
Oh yes, I have. Yeah.
There's websites like planet blur
and Yeah. What's the guy
from community called himself a
blur. Yeah. Oh, what's his
name? Yeah. Yeah. The guy
from community who is a
child, childish Gambino, Donald Glover, Danny
Glover. Yes. Donald Glover. Who else?
Who has an album out?
Childish Gambino. Right. And that's,
that's a way of saying
that. That's cool. And then
you have, I think people
like, like Cielo who choose
to dress a certain way
and it's like, wait a
second. I can be popular
and interesting. And well-spoken and
a geek and into software
and into gadgets and widgets
and all of those things.
And that's that's okay. Yeah.
Yeah. I hope it's okay.
I think it's deeply. Okay.
So do you feel like
you are living on both
sides of, of reality? Sometimes
I feel like I'm categorized
as a computer person. Like,
I'll go to a party,
I'll meet someone and we'll
be chatting and then they'll
go, Oh, you're a computer
person. And that either means
we are going to be
like friends for life because
they're a computer person too.
Or this conversation is over
because I'm not a computer
person. That's strange. I couldn't
imagine that happening. Where are
you talking about, you know,
where are you talking about
your profession and well, with
me as a model that
happens sometimes where people feel
uncomfortable after I mentioned the
fact that my model. So
you're seeing that as that,
that, that profession, that aspect
of your personality is the,
I don't know. I don't
want to say turn off,
but I want to imposing
like meet someone. It's like,
It's definitely not necessarily a
turn off. Sometimes it's a
turn on, but it, it,
it overwhelmed. It's it always
takes precedence over everything that
about me with strangers. Often,
as soon as they find
that out, their opinions made
up, Oh, you said it
much better than I did.
That's exactly right. That the
identity, that label model for
you is the thing that
someone will notice when they
meet you or they chat
with you or that you
talk to them. And then
they say, Oh, I'm a
model I'm paid to be
attractive. And to do these
things well as a software
person, when I meet someone
and they go, Oh, you
work for Microsoft or, Oh,
you're a software guy. There's
like, they immediately, you can
see where they almost kind
of put you in a
box. Their face has changed.
Their posture changed. And now
like, Oh, I got you
figured out you're a model
or you're a computer guy.
Yeah. I didn't really know
anything about computers or I
don't really know anything about
modeling. You, you could be
put into two different boxes.
Like if you just led,
you should try this sometime
lead with the software engineer
thing. Yeah. And as you
meet people who aren't technical,
see how their posture and
their style changes around you.
It's, it's, it's interesting. I,
I feel in talking to
nontechnical people like in my
neighborhood here, that if, if,
if, if I lead with
being a computer person that
they suddenly have very little
to talk about, which seems
like it's very similar with
you with the modeling. Like,
if you say I'm a
model, like, you know, gosh,
I don't have a passport
or People when you tell
someone, I don't think a
lot of people, most people
probably don't know fashion models
or don't run into them
in their day to day
lives. So they normally have
questions for me. They're often
intrigued, but sometimes you don't
always want to talk about
your living, your, your livelihood
in a way that sensationalizes
it, especially, Is that what
they usually want to do?
I mean, I know that
when people talk to me
about software, they think that
we make piles of money
and we know everything about
every kind of computer. Yeah.
Well, they want to know
what kind of clothes I
get for free and where
I've traveled and who I
know. And, and I'm a
pretty, I'm a, I'm a
human being. I'm a pretty
normal person, but it's, it's
not, not something I necessarily
feel the need to talk
about with strangers. Yeah. I
hear you. Let's talk about
the, the app as we
end here. So you've got
a couple that you had
there. You have the one
app now, and you're working
on a second app. What
kinds of features of you're
doing iOS apps, right? So
these universal apps, iPhone and
iPad, I've done. I have
actually two apps currently on
the app store. The first
one is a universal app.
It's for a charity. I
created this app for a
charity called educate, which it
sponsors Ugandan youths, and that's
for both iPad and iPhone
devices. The last app I
made for model portfolios is
specifically for iPad. Since that's
the best way to view
the portfolios, I've had device,
the current app I'm working
on uses both iPad and
iPhone devices. Now you're your
eye port app right now
is free to download. But
then it's just something that
says holiday special, $2 upgrade
you have like in app
purchases. Yes. It's to get
the full version of the
app where you can have
multiple portfolios, have more backgrounds
and table templates to choose
from right now, that's one
99 to upgrade. Have you
found that, that that model
works better? Like I know
that there's lots of different
way thoughts around how to
get people to download this
trials. And there's 99 cents to
download and more to upgrade.
Do you find that free
to download and then an
in app purchase to unlock
is the best way. I'm
not sure if it works
better necessarily. It seems like
it would. But my reasoning
behind that is because I
said, I want people to
use what I've created. I,
I, I enjoy that idea
of someone having my app
on their phone. And yeah,
it's important to it. I
have some, a little advertising
in that app and I
have the in app purchases,
but I do want people
to download it and to
have it for free. I
feel like that's the best
way to get them at
least to check it out
and see what it's about
Is, is monetization and the
idea of a second career,
why you're coding, or did
you think that you'll always
do both things or like
I'm trying understand, do you
want to make money on
this or is it really
more of a creative outlet
where you have to express
yourself and it doesn't really
matter whether you make money
on your app? Well, in
order to create apps, I
can't necessarily do every single
modeling job that comes along.
For example, I've had to
turn down some smaller jobs
with, you know, smaller paychecks
just to make sure that
I well, or just to
focus on this a bit
more just to get it
done. And so, yeah, it's,
it's good for me to
monetize it to some extent,
just to compensate for the
work I'm losing modeling Really.
So you've, you've prioritized coding
over your full time job
and said, you know, I'm
not gonna take Only for
jobs that I don't necessarily
feel like I need or
want to do. And about
how much time do you
spend coding in an average
average week while you're working?
Hmm. A lot, I'd say
20 of these, or no
more than that. Some days
when I was working on
iPod, I must've been spending
at least 12 hours a
day. I did that app
in about a month and
a half. I'm a pretty
quick coder that I probably
took a month and a
half and I was working
at least 12 hours a
day on it when I
wasn't doing a modeling job
from nine to five. Wow.
So it sounds like you
have kind of the typical
coder obsessive personality in the
sense of like when the
app is inside, you, you
have to get the app
out. Yes, definitely. And I
won't sleep until it's done.
Yeah. Has that been a
coding quality problem at all?
Have you had any major
issues? No. No. I, I
haven't because, well, in this
case, this app took, like
I said, a month and
a half, and then I
did those additional, I guess,
five updates. And right now
I'm very happy with the
way it is right now.
But no, I I'm pretty
thorough. I really check for
errors and issues as I
go along. So it hasn't
been an issue. Do you
have any tales of particular
bugs that have kept you
up or have had any
like major issues? Like sometimes
you have war stories about
like a particular bug you
couldn't catch or a feature
that you couldn't crack. And
then that moment of epiphany
when you've solved that problem,
It happens all the time.
I think when I'm switching
from iOS six Taya was
seven. There were a lot
of things that I needed
to in order to make
that transition and to, to
find out what was, what
the new device, what the
new iOS system was capable
of, such as background modes.
The fact that now it
supports seven background modes instead
of the two original ones.
I think location changes and
playing music in the background
was those were the only
things previously supported. But now
that they've implemented background fetch
back background, fetch background mode,
location, service, background mode, local
push notification, background mode, all
these things are very useful
and it makes for a
better user experience and a
more, it gives you more
options. As far as programming
an app goes. Have you
thought about lighting up specific
features or did you light
up specific things to make
your app utilize iOS seven?
Like when you light up
a feature, it's like, Oh,
if you have iOS six,
the app works like this,
but if you have iOS
seven, I detect that you
support this background, motor, that
bike wouldn't post. So I'm
going to light up this
feature. Are there any things
that you're looking forward to
within iOS seven that you're
going to think will make
eye port go to that
next level? I'm with iPod?
I didn't necessarily need any
of say these new background
modes. I didn't need any
of that the way it
is now, it works perfectly
for its intended purpose with
this new app that I'm
working on. It's a networking
app of sorts in which
I am using several iOS,
seven things particular to iOS
seven, especially the background modes,
the background fetch and performing
background fetch every 10 minutes
to get information from my
parcel server, checking for location
updates. As you know, I
could have done diagnostics to,
and I'm also using push
notifications to trigger server and
interface updates while the app
is in the background. So
it sounds like you just
said you're using parse for
your backend. Yes. Yes. I
just, I, at first I
was using Amazon S three.
I've used that with previous
apps and parse is it,
it has so many great
features. Like you could have
different various users. It does
a lot of the leg
work for you. So right
now I'm very happy using
parse as long as I'm
dealing with files that aren't
too large because there is
a, I believe a minimum
file size for, or they,
it only takes for Amazon
S three. I can have
files as big as I
want, and it's just, I'm
just charged per server call.
Right. But with parse, it's
a little different, it doesn't
take so much data on
the maximum file size, or
there's a maximum amount of
space tire class. So I'm
your new app comes out
in a couple of weeks
and hopefully all that, when
you let me know what
it is, I'll add the
link to the show notes
for this show. And I'll
also, if you don't mind,
I'll put your stack overflow
a profile and a link
to the Quora question. So
folks can read about what
it was like to, to
go from an in, in
the, in the statement of
the cork core question from
physical and attractive to physically
attractive. But I like what
you say, where, you know,
you really haven't changed. You're
still the same interesting person
as before, and no one
could see it before. Hmm.
Thank you. Thanks so much
for chatting with us today.
I appreciate it. Thanks for
having me. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and see you again. Next
.